The location is perfect and right on the side of the street road , cannot miss it ^ ^ It is also right near Co-Op Mart , which makes it an easy location to find . Parking motorbikes is a bit limited , but luckily a bike guard is there to help . Perfect score .
Cost is very similar to Pizza_Hut , which is fine because the quality of the pizza can match . It ' s definitely not a low quality pizza that you find at bakeries , it ' s a real pizza . Pizza in Vietnam is one of those foods that is a little on the bitey side when it comes to price , but it ' s understandable . So I give it a perfect score because it seems suitable . Pricey but you get what you pay for .
Like I mentioned above , the pizza is sublime and delicious . The crust options aren ' t available compared to Pizza_Hut , but the crust is just right . Not too thin , not too thick . Medium and tasty . The sauce is not watery or overloaded too , which is great since it complements the pizza excellently .  
I have also eaten the lunch buffet and it seems to not sell pizza during this time , mainly : pasta ( 3 types ) , small desserts ( flan , custard , brownies ... ) , some fruits , Vietnamese fresh spring rolls , a few side dishes of meats ( ~ 5 ) , a little bit of soup , and a pretty bountiful amount of choices to create a salad . I have heard that there is a pizza buffet in the evening , but I have to confirm this since I ' m not sure . The staff carefully watch the buffet by the way so it ' s pretty warm and fresh , stocked well as people come and go . It ' s alright for a buffet , but it ' s also around 95,000 so it was enjoyable .
Service is great and the staff is professional , there was one time where I would have preferred the manager or person of a higher position to give directions or commands to the staff in private . But it wasn ' t too long , just a bit awkward since my table was right next to this meeting in public . But the staff there does converse in English to some degree , there are also explanations of rules / promotions in English .
The space is comfortable and casual , not fancy , but not low - scale . The decorations are on the darker side , which just means the color scheme isn ' t bright . Which is fine , gives a cozy or warm feeling . The building also has blinds to keep the sunshine out on a hot summer day . In fact , every time I pass by , I see their blinds down around noon . The space is perfect but during the buffet it might be a bit crowded , the buffet is on the first floor and there are a few tables along the way . But nothing too narrow .
